Hello. My name is Matt. I am hourly/overtime eligible, job grade 430. I've recently changed shifts and now report to a new supervisor (Lissete Garcia). My new supervisor has retroactively, looked through my previous late arrivals in Time and Pay, on timecards that were previously approved by my former supervisor (Manuel Romero) (back through January, my start date within my current shift was the week of February 20th), and updated the type of paid time to, "Vacation Unplanned". This was done in an effort to provide me with "occurences", I believe. I was informed today that I now have 13 late arrivals, in addition to two unplanned days off (call offs), that I took as a result of feeling "unwelcomed" by my new supervisor. (When I was informed, during my first week on my new schedule, that she would be taking on the task of carrying out the above. I didn't think that this was common practice here or within policy, so I shrugged it off, with no objections. Respectfully, of course.) I was also informed that I would likely receive written warnings/occurences sometime next week, for my attendance issues, listed above.

My concern now is that this is not a standard that is being applied to all of my peers, throughout our department, site, or shift, and that this is a targeted effort to remove me from the company, or at least, mar my record, and is only being carried out, in this specific instance. Is this something that can be looked into? Is this common practice and within policy? Is all of this, completely within my new supervisor's ability to carry out?

Additionally, I am currently under the care of a physician for ADHD (I don't believe that this is on-record anywhere, internally) and suspect (no formal diagnosis) that I am autistic (definitely on the spectrum. My verbal comms are under-developed. I am not a strong advocate for myself. I don't put up much of a fight. But I also don't act to harm, because I have experienced harm. I got to learn things about working with people during my time here. I am better for it. My hope is that no one was harmed along the way. It's doubtful, but I hope... I don't speak ill of colleagues [to the best of my ability] and I don't mess with peoples' jobs. There's a place for everyone here, in an org of this size and stature.)

I have never asked for any kind of accomodation, for my ADHD. I would do it to keep my job. I'm not aware of what a "reasonable attendance accomodation" looks like, or if anything like this is available. These are not things I am comfortable discussing with my current supervisor, but if I could be provided with up to 15 minutes of "wiggle room" at the beginning of my shift, and give back, at least the same amount of time, at the end of my shift, I would benefit greatly from this, but I'm not sure how "reasonable" this sounds. We can address this later, once the aformentioned (second paragraph) is resolved or deemed "not an issue" and my incidents have been doled out, effectively, or not.

Thanks for reading. I appreciate what you do here.

-Matt
