Hello Renard,

Here's something that I documented a while ago. Within the first two weeks of joining second shift, I was called into an office by my new supervisor, Lisette Garcia. There she informed me that all of my late arrivals, that had already been accounted for and approved on previous timecards by my previous supervisor as "Vacation", would be altered by her, one by one, to display "Vacation Unplanned". She then claimed that according to her math, once this was complete, I would have 19 occurences. She followed that up with "And you know what that means." I responded with "Of course.", and the meeting was adjorned. I shrugged it off. I didn't mind. I knew that no one would approve of this, and the "targeted" and "personal" approach she was taking, would be so blatant and aggressive, that she would never actually do it, or she would be instructed to stand down when she tried.

This was the same night that we all went to Westfield Hall, and I was given a warm introduction and welcome, to my new team. I didn't know what to think. Even if she wasn't able to go through with it, the fact that a member of leadership, wished to harm me, and was willing to go to some length to do so, I had never seen anything like it. And I think that'd be enough to make anyone feel, a little unwelcome. (Chicago was a circus, but managemnt was so busy, they were just doing the best they could. Nobody walked around like they had a "firing license". I could tell LG thought her new role came with one. She must be new at this, because this isn't how we treat our people... in my limited experience, anyway.)

A week or more goes by, and no edits. So I assumed Lisette had slept on it, and decided against it. Then I get the emails. She had only updated 4 timecards, with 6 entries in total. I don't think that she anticipated that she wouldn't be able to edit timecards from before January 1st. So my 19 occurences were now reduced to 6. Lucky me?

I reached out to HR. Instead of filing any kind of "complaint" against my own supervisor, I started with a question regarding "Time and Absences". I'm not interested in bringing HR into anyone's house. It doesn't make any of us look better, it certainly doesn't make for a more cohesive workplace, and while I've only done it once, it didn't actually solve anything within that department. HR's job is not to make my day more pleasant, it's to protect the company from lawsuits, and from that experience I learned "Some departments are too expensive to fix. As long as the revenue keeps flowing... leave em to it." (Biggest mistake I've ever made during my time with the company. I was hurt. So I attempted to co-opt HR's resources, to settle a vendetta with wife. We're good now. It was bad for everyone involved. I should've been fired, rehired, and fired again, on principle. TMI, I know.)

Anyhoo, HR requested additional info. They gave me five days. I never followed up. Case closed. It was a warning shot, meant to send a message. That's all. If harming me, was the best thing Lisette felt she could do to serve her team, I would argue that that's a very poor use of company time and a poor judgement call on her part. But it was done. And nothing happened resembling an answer to the statement, "And you know what that means." So I went back to doing my job, while imagining someone on salary, competent or not, spending their time trying to medle and mess with my job, due to their "personal feelings" towards me. "Do your worst. I assure you I've seen worse."

In general, I don't mess with people's jobs, because I've had my job, thoroughly messed with. I don't have to like someone, to do a job with them. And the company pays us to play nice while we're here. I've only gotten better at doing this, because I believe that the company forces it onto us, for the better. (Professionalism. Leave your personal feelings at the door, please.)

People usually act maliciously toward individuals, from the comfort of a "group", safely insulated by their numbers or titles. A tribe. They form tribes, and they look for easy prey. Primates are tribal predators. They hunt in packs. I've discussed it with someone who hasn't been here long, today actually, and he used the term "prison gangs", and I told him I've been saying that for years. Same page. (I want a little teardrop tat with a tiny chase logo inside) If you don't choose a gang, as soon as you arrive, you're easy prey. Gotta get with a clique. (Primates huddle close together when they're afraid. When there's famine, drought, or war. They also huddle together when they're afraid for their jobs. Jobs feed families. Threaten someone's job, and you may as well be threatening their family, or their ability to pay their mortgage, or the likelihood of them being able to continue driving their car, or scheduling Dr's appointments for their kids, and so on. People are afraid, so cliques form. They stay very close to each other. (They also hoard pens, I've heard.) When people feel secure in their jobs, and are made to feel like they're doing "a good job", then they can start to think about advancement. They think about making their futures more prosperous for themselves and their families. They get excited about it! They go home and they're not exhausted. And they become less concerned about creating and spreading "gossip", and targeting one another, because they then understand that it's a waste of time and attention. When they should be devoting themselves towards seizing that promo. If I want them to get excited, I'll tell them their work is of exceptional quality. Unbelievable. I want to thank you for CHOOSING to come HERE today, to THIS office, to serve OUR customer, and to ensure that everyone of your teammates, continues receiving their direct deposits. You contribute to that. I have a job, because you keep showing up, to do the excellent work that you do here. Now let's get back to giving em what they pay for. Thank you all. The fastest way to get that promo, is to get the most people, promos. It's never been, "whoever gets the most people fired", but we all learn eventually... I hope.)

(Boss. I rant. I'm sorry.)

So the number one clique to be involved with right now, it's very exclusive by the way, is composed of Vanessa and LG. They share a very close personal text-message/snapchat relationship outside of work, where they discuss the people and groups that they don't like, personally. LG chooses the targets, Vanessa gains their symphony-chat-trust and gathers (maybe even screenshots) the dirt and then she relays it, and they act to get rid of the team members that they dislike the most. This is all speculation, and I have no proof of course, but mine was their first taste of blood, and they're only more emboldened now. (more wreckless too, so that might help) It only gets worse from here on out. They have the cheatcodes to the videogame that is, this office, and they may never experience an advantage like this again, so they're not going to stop. This is too much fun. I'm aware that Vanessa is scheduled to transfer before EOY, but what I would speculate is, that they will find a way to remove Leetony (I like the hell out of that guy, by the way. He's good for the department. That's my opinion.), or have some type of position ready to move into, and in the meantime, keep "grooming" Vanessa for his role or another, so that when the time comes, LG will ensure that there's no question as to who deserves his position the most. They'll do this, at the expense of Leetony (his ability to feed his kids), and at the expense of all of the other team members who are better suited, or who are less dishonest, in pursuing the role. Once Vanessa is in line for that role, she'll back out of the transfer to Chicago. Then, Vanessa and LG will have it even better. More control over who they have to look at everyday, when they can just get everyone fired who isn't like them, or looks like a threat to the enjoyable workplace that they'll create for themselves. It's a mix of "favoritism and targeting", in my humble opinion... but I just stroke keys here.

Something to watch out for, if I'm not completely out of line here.

I would argue that they're both mildly incompetent, even more so as a team. And they're way too wreckless and personal about it, for no one to catch on. I pray, anyway.

So now I'm about to speak way too candidly, and toss out any credibility I may have had with you or anyone, but here goes. I will argue that those two will never target anyone who is "Spanish-speaking", and that LG has a particular distaste for "men", in general. (I'm not referring to "sexual preference" here. I could care less. That'd be insanely personal to attack someone like that. I don't hate anyone like that. In honesty, I don't hate anyone. It's a waste of resources. I trust you, or I don't. That's what I value. And I can still do a job with people I don't trust. "Trust" is personal, not professional. So I can still be cordial, trust or not.) And let's say "Spanish-speaking" comes before "man" in terms of priorty. So "Spanish-speaking men", are safe from persecution. "Spanish-speaking women" are the safest. "Non-Spanish-speaking women" are potentially targets. If you don't speak the right language, and your a man, you're at the top of their fun-list. A high school reenactment, in which they get to be "cool", this time. Anytime someone brings up race/discrimination, it usually comes off as "desperate". They lose credibility, quickly. I know it sounds even less substanial, coming from someone like myself ("White-privileged-dude-bro speaking, how may I direct your call?". Those might be the same things. Please google "dude bro" for me. The first image is good.), but I don't feel like I have much left to lose here, so I thought I'd share. Maybe it helps someone else, at some point.






There was some thing with Malik at some point I might've heard about, but he proved himself to be completely forgettable. Maybe I'll do the same, if I haven't already, and we can all laugh and move on. Ultimately, I'd like to be missed, I guess, at least for a little while. It's better than being forgotten. The world keeps spinning and all that.
