One good turn deserves another. Familiar? Let’s assume for the sake of argument, that everything we choose to do, is either viciously or virtuously cyclical. (a vicious or virtuous cycle) Good decisions lead to more good decisions. Also, one prosperous outcome (usually as a result of many repeated good decisions) leads to greater future prosperity. “The rich, get richer.” I’ll also say, “The fit, get fitter.”, and “The smart, get smarter.”People with capital, tend to find ways to invest, and “accumulate” more capital. People who are already fit, see the value in it, so they’re more likely to park further away, or take the stairs. They will find more ways to burn more cals, whenever they can. If someone is naturally “smart”, they become more likely to seek out things that enhance cognitive function/memory. They may read more books per year than the average person. They may seek out new hobbies and learn to use obscure technology tools that make their brain more pliable and primed for further learning (drones and lasers and such). And so on.Most people don’t realize how important it is to have good credit, until they have good credit. Once the numbers start moving in the right direction, you’ll usually just want them to keep moving that way, at the fastest rate possible. You’ll wish you had started sooner. (usually)(with more resources, time, and the expertise that got you the resources, you could’ve helped more people, had you hustled harder, and started sooner... maybe).Another example: Folks with a high income, look down on folks with, not such high incomes. (let’s just assume that they might, sometimes. In reality, they don’t think about us at all. We focus on them, they focus on winning. No one wins, by thinking about the people who are preventing them from winning. Assume everyone’s a potential collaborator. They’re here to help you, or at least teach you something (humility, patience, kindness), so focus on the grind, not the obstacles. Help anyone you can, cause someday, you might need help. And keep moving.) Perhaps if the low income group, suddenly were awarded high incomes, they would start to think about and focus on the same things that those with already high incomes, think about and focus on. If you have lots of disposable income, you might start investing, regardless of who you are. If you have very little disposable income, there might be a need to focus on more immediate “financial goals” (rent, food, etc.), so investing isn’t a necessary thing to know much about or focus on. People act, mostly the same, when exposed to the same situations/environmental-conditions. If you’re rich tomorrow, you may quickly start to act like it. If you’re in poverty tomorrow, you may quickly start to act like it.So what can we do with all of this? Compound interest has been deemed: “The eighth wonder of the world.” Apply that to a habit, performed regularly, and your returns will be compounded over time. A formerly difficult thing, becomes easier, because you’re practiced at it. You just kept sucking at it, until you sucked, a lot less. Find something that works (for you) and never stop doing it. No breaks. Get good credit, and make sure you never lose it (not really an “activity”. A weak example. Forgive me.). Amass a high net worth, and never allow it to recede (could be considered a “hobby”, I guess. Staring at charts? Winning at anything is usually fun, right? Maybe it’s a hobby.). Gain a favorable health status, and never backslide (definitely a hobby. A “passion”, for some, I’m sure.). Once you’ve mastered the process and attained something resembling “success”, maintaining and improving upon it, only gets easier. Choose something, become skilled in it, and don’t take a break from it. You can only maintain physical mobility for so many years of your life. You can only build a career for so many years of your life. You can only read so many books and take up so many hobbies during a lifetime. Get started. Try not to stop. Peep those gainz. Go as far as you can with it. Number go up. Health, wealth, wisdom. (Hopefully. Start early, never stop, is perhaps the key. “The best time to start, was yesterday, the second best time to start, is right now.”)Status is a joke. Flexin gets you robbed. Does anyone know what Jeff Bezos’s kids look like? That’s right! And that’s how he wants to keep it. (No “Ransom-letter-headaches.” “We got your kid. Give us the shares, and lifetime prime shipping, or else”. Dude’s got an empire to run. Who’s got time for all that? Question: Did Jeffery know he was a monster, before we gave him all of our money? It would likely happen the same, to anyone. Slowly, at first. A little at a time. We’d become the Bezos. We’d become the monster we shake our fists at now, unfortunately. The less prepared for this, we are, the greater will be, our evil. Be prepared to prevent the harm that you will “probably” cause, and maybe, you’ll cause less harm. ["Probably" => probability is high. Power is corruptive/intoxicating. Primates are predators and addicts. We are weak. It’s understandable, but not necessarily forgivable. It’s a difficult thing, being a primate. My hat comes off... for us all.]. All humans are capable of similar amounts of good, and similar amounts of evil. “The situation”, is all that has to change. I’m sure we’re all good people, but we’re still, only people. ...ready to go full-Bezos and start a space company to “avoid” the “tax-drag” as soon as possible. Here's an accounting joke: What’s the difference between tax-evasion and tax-avoidance? Prison time! Let me know if you liked that one. I actually don't have anymore.) Stay under the radar. Stay hidden, be Blackrock, live comfy. Keep the Aston nestled nicely away in the bat-cave (the matt-cave, if you will.). Don’t get a Lambo, get an Aston. Nobody knows about those Aston Martins. Install an underground racetrack, or rent a racetrack for a day and pay them to shut it down. Go full-Ricky-Bobby at the track. Don’t drive it to the bar. That’s for kids. UberBlackXL, if you gotta. Pay two other UbersBlackXLs to caravan with you like VIP security personel. Tony-Stark-it for a night. If you’re A-list, when you slip up, it’s front page news. The world LOL’s at your mega-fail. Don’t give them the opportunity. If they didn’t watch you blow up, they don’t start suddenly watching, when you mess up. And you can be human. You can fail once in awhile, and nobody cares. Cause you’re nobody. Don’t blow up. Remain nobody, with a modest comfy life. Help a couple people come up the same, quietly. Treat the help, well, cause you've been "the help" and pay em like you mean it. Money talks... Pleasantries and "Thank you's"? Nothing says "thank you" quite like cash-money does. So break em off somethin. When you get a raise, the dude that cuts your hair, gets a raise. You tip him bigger. It’s lonely at the top. Get used to it now. It’s not that bad. You’ll do the most good, from behind the scenes. Stay behind the scenes. Don’t get spot-lit. Let the kids fight for the spotlight, and watch em get laughed at when they act human. Don’t get spot-lit. You’ll be gucci. Thanks for listening.
